The server code is fairly simplistic.
It has an index file that loads up server.js,
and then just waits on port 3000.
Is possible that you may want to build in certain things into an API for the client.
So the scaffolding allows for a simple express app that's waiting,
but that is completely unnecessary.
The primary purpose of the server is to
simulate the Oracles and wait for events related to that,
and that code is right here.
So all this is doing is listing for a request.
It does nothing with regard to the actual handling of that request.
So that's where you are going to have to spin up initially the Oracles, register them,
persist their state in memory or if you choose to write it to a file,
you don't have to re-register them every time.
Then, actually come up with the answer to whether the flight is late or not,
and respond back by pushing a transaction to the Smart Contract.
So all of that needs to be done here.
But in the event you would like to add some functionality to the DAP,
for example, we talked about having the flights and timestamps being hardcoded.
So this would be a great place,
where you could have an endpoint that returns those and hydrates a dropdown in the UI,
which has the different flights that the passenger can select from.
So that's a handy little thing there.
So in order to get the server working,
we'll go create another terminal,
and we will say npm run server.
This is ready and watching.
So now that all of this is in place,
what we can do is go back to our webpage and submit.
I will just call our flight Hello World and submit.
So the code has reflected that we've submitted that.
Going back here, you can see that there was a contract call made.
So that indeed happen.
Right here, this tells us that our server code is working
because web 3 has cut the event that happened.
You can see that it's an Oracle request and it has Hello World.
So this brings us full circle.
Essentially, we covered the overall cycle of the App.
You've got the Smart Contracts,
we've got the client App,
and we've got a server App.
They are all ready for you to put in the code that
will fulfill the requirements for the project.